All right.
So now we are in the final state of executing the code from our large language model, because we already
have the methods which is required for the LM to process.
And because we have got all these messages, I'm sure our large language model can easily execute these
details and get us the response back.
So for doing that, I'm just going to go over here, uh, the code and I'm going to say, uh, maybe
final output is equal to uh LM with tools dot invoke.
So I'm going to invoke it and I'm going to pass the entire message.
See this message that I'm going to pass in.
And now this is going to print.
So if I now print the final output dot content over here, you should see that content coming up for
me.
So for that question that you have asked now the LM is going to process and it's going to say based
on the information provided from Wikipedia, Donald Trump did win the 2024 presidential election.
Look at that.
Now, our LM has got the capability to get me the answer based on the tool that we have that we have
bounded.
So our local large language model, which did not even have access to the internet before, has got
the internet access.
And it is getting the details from the tools that it has got, the Wikipedia tools.
And now look at that.
It is getting the response, giving the response to me.
And if I go to Lamb-smith this time, uh, over here, chat Olama, you will notice that it has selected
the Wikipedia and it is giving me the response over here, which is amazing.
So that is what is really happening over here.
So it has called the Wikipedia and it has got me the answer.
So Wikipedia tool is executing over here and in the chat.
Olama.
Um, it has really got that particular answer as this one.
So this is the output that it has given to me over there.
This is fabulous.
And now, if I want to change the question a bit, uh, what is the sum of two and 22, which is 24?
And if I try executing it, executing it, and if I try executing this particular code, the sum of
two and 22 is 24.
Look at that.
So that is also working.
So the custom tool is also being called and invoked and executed.
And it is giving me the response correctly over here.
And if I want to ask another question what is the double of two.
Execute this code block.
Execute this code block and execute this code block.
The double of two is four.
So it has really called the multiply numbers.
And it has given me the answer as four.
So hope you got the idea of how the large language model can invoke the tools that we have built, the
custom tools, and also the community built tools without any hesitations with the code that we have
written over here.
So this is the power of you building a tools and also enabling your local large language model to have
the support of running the tools or binding the tools along with it.
And make sure while you use all these functionality, your large language model has got the tooling
support in it.
That's the end of the tools guys.
Hopefully you got the idea.
There are so many things still need to cover, and I hope you already have the whole wide range of idea
of how you can do everything yourself.
Just go ahead and create your own templates, kind of, uh, tools, uh, like the structure tools,
and also try to even invoke the custom tools from the prompt template that you're going to be creating.
And then you call these tools from within.
You're going to be doing a fabulous job there, I'm sure.
But this has already given you a wide range of idea of how you can make use of the tools within your
large language model application.